Lilliana Robinson: Okay, everybody. We're gonna jump right in to use every single minute. We have Kevin Casper here. Kevin has been on our team for 2 programs. I think right? And then.
NSG: Yeah. And he was at the farm.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, in Chicago. And then after that, as a pitch specialist for many programs after that. So he has come back to help. And the reason that we have Kevin back so often is because he has won more pitch competitions than anyone I know. So he knows so much about pitching we met when he came into undergrad and was really interested in entrepreneurship. He made his own startup Inferno guard, which I think he might talk about when he talks about pitching and worked on that for all of college. So
Lilliana Robinson: there's an end to that story here. I'll let Kevin tell it. But kevin has won over what half a mill in pitch competitions and.
Kevin Kaspar: About.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And Ca, that is free money, and always comes back to teach our founders the tips and tricks on how he does it. So this is perfect. Because last week, Kevin, we introduced Demo Day and pitching. And so they've all started iterating on their pitches. So today is perfect for all of your.
Tunde: But that's.
Lilliana Robinson: Stuff. They can implement
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Okay, Neil.
NSG: How much, how much is venture cat worth?
NSG: How much is that.
Kevin Kaspar: 100 and $60,000 when I.
Burhan: And stop there.
NSG: Yeah 168, because I judged that one right?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
NSG: Yeah, I remember that. So I was a part of the like that 500 K for 160 k. Of it. That was when I,
NSG: Kevin? I didn't. I knew you, but I didn't really know you that well, and so it was mostly like older teams with, like, you know
NSG: sophisticated reason agents and plans, or whatever.
NSG: And then Kevin shows up you were what a sophomore I think.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
NSG: Yeah, he was like.
NSG: you know, barely an adult. And he stepped in there.
NSG: and it was like, not even a question. Like as the judges. We looked around. We were like, Okay, well, clearly, this guy's gonna win.
NSG: So it was like, yeah, like, he has a way of like, kind of commanding the room and knowing exactly what he's there to do, and to say that I think everybody here could learn from and and appreciate so half a million pitch prizes ain't no chump change.
Kevin Kaspar: Well, thanks. Now I appreciate it.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright cool. So I'm I'm just gonna share a presentation with you guys that I've been using for the past few times I've helped
Kevin Kaspar: other cohorts out. Please like jump in with any questions at any time. That's the best way to do it, for sure. Just like unmute, or whatever but I'll go through it. I checked in with Lilian and everyone about the format so similar to what I'm used to. So I'm just gonna share my screen.
Kevin Kaspar: And then we can go from there.
Kevin Kaspar: Can everyone see this
Kevin Kaspar: hopefully? Cool, alright, cool.
Kevin Kaspar: great. So Liliana already talked about me. But I've worked at techstars for a while. I run a company called Inferno Guard that I've been working on all throughout high school. It's about wildfire detection and notification so pretty timely out in the Bay area. I'm actually moving out to the bay after I graduate so excited to be out there and stay connected with the entrepreneurship ecosystem. But I'm still at Northwestern. I'm a senior. I have
Kevin Kaspar: like a month left of school, but
Kevin Kaspar: I've been to at least 2 or 3 demo days, maybe more. So definitely, I'm comfortable with the format and helping you guys out as much as possible at the end of the like presentation. I'll leave my email, my phone number by Linkedin, whatever just like, please feel free to reach out. Text your email, whatever is easiest. I'm more than happy to help out. However, I can. But alright. So from my understanding, the format is 60 s elevator pitch 60 s
Kevin Kaspar: demo, and then oh, 4 min QA. Not 6 min Liliana gave that to me earlier. But
Kevin Kaspar: I think the most important thing to talk about early on is that, like all the whole story, arc must be fluid across all sections of the pitch. I think that one misconception that a lot of people have when they're presenting for Demo Day is that the
Kevin Kaspar: 60 s pitch and the demo and the QA. Are very separate from one another. But really you wanna be able to tell a coherent story across all 3 components of the pitch to make it seem like all of those are flowing really well between one another. So you can do that in a lot of different ways. Right? You can kind of have like a story arc. You can
Kevin Kaspar: bookend the beginning to the end, create a very memorable moment. But there has to be a way for you to be able to streamline what you're trying to say. And even though they might fall under different buckets of the demo, the QA. Whatever. You want to be able to kind of
Kevin Kaspar: visualize what that storyline might look like. And it's really going to be different for every founder and for every company especially with techstars, with so many different industries. So I think one thing that's important to keep in mind is
Kevin Kaspar: like that you will have a very different storyline from someone else. And that's totally okay. But you guys know your company best, and we'll be able to make those decisions on your own. But one thing I like to recommend is thinking about it very visually. So I've worked with like a graphic designer in the past who literally will map out the storyline like the positive moments, the negative moments, the
Kevin Kaspar: moments that there are drama or like concern or negativity. And you wanna just be able to visualize what that actually could look like for your pitch and for your product.
Kevin Kaspar: And I think that now is a great time to be able to actually start thinking about things like that because you are in the earlier stages. I know that your demo days coming up right at the end of May. So you still definitely have time to do this. But when you're going through all of it, I definitely would think about how the storyline actually will look.
Kevin Kaspar: And
Kevin Kaspar: one piece of advice that I always like to give, that my dad actually gave to me when I was younger is like, you have to teach everything that you're trying to explain like, you're 10 years old, basically because
Kevin Kaspar: people really consume information at a very basic level, especially when they're listening to pitch after pitch after pitch and I think it's really important that you're able to synthesize all of your learnings into a very easy.
Kevin Kaspar: tangible, digestible
Kevin Kaspar: way of communicating. I almost like to think of it like a funnel. There's probably a million things that you wanna say, or that you could say, because you've been working on your business so diligently throughout techstars. But there's going to be like one specific narrative that will come out of it at the end. That, I think, is really important to keep in mind.
Kevin Kaspar: assume that your audience knows absolutely nothing about what you're building. I think that's really important. A lot of times when you're building a product. There are things that are you. You have that are almost assumed where you're like. Oh, I know. I would assume that you know they know how the app works, or how the user interface looks, or how to download it, or things like that. But I think it's good to just assume that you literally know nothing.
Kevin Kaspar: And then the goal is to walk out excited. I think if you can pay attention for 8 min straight and have someone excited to.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, get on your website. Talk to you afterwards. Have a conversation with you, that's all that you can really ask for. So
Kevin Kaspar: I think the responsibility is definitely on you as a founder, and not as the listener to be able to make that information digestible. So it really is
Kevin Kaspar: important that when you're developing your pitch, you kind of do the hard work for the listener. You explain things that need to be explained a little bit more clearly. You dumb down the information so that everyone can understand it. You create, you know, recurring themes in the pitch so that people can understand all 8 min of it. So definitely keep that in mind as you are going out and presenting.
Kevin Kaspar: And I think this relates to something that's really important. About the amount of like education or teaching that you might have to do, and this will vary from every company that
Kevin Kaspar: is here today. But there is a certain amount of information that any audience members just will not know about your product, your company, your vision, and you have to think very critically about how much teaching or education you actually have to do
Kevin Kaspar: And I think oftentimes
Kevin Kaspar: founders will think that they have to over, explain or over communicate. When I think in reality, you can just be very specific about what you communicate, and very intentional about what you communicate.
Kevin Kaspar: And
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's important to also think about like where this information should go so oftentimes I like to do all a lot of my teaching upfront, so I'll usually lead with some sort of story or some sort of.
Kevin Kaspar: should we? Oh, just checking the chat, should we avoid jargon? Where possible? I definitely think so.
Kevin Kaspar: because the the pitch is so short? I think that it's really important to just create a vision that anyone can understand. And oftentimes, like there is a certain amount of jargon that just creates some complexity there.
Kevin Kaspar: and that kind of relates to this like this teaching piece, too. Right? Is that there might be something that you have to teach the audience. Maybe it's about, yeah, maybe you have to teach them about the problem. And that's not as clear. Or maybe you have to teach them about what the users are saying, and like your jobs to be done. Conversations, what you've learned there? So I think there's definitely different ways or amount of teaching that you're going to have to do. But I think that it is important that you do it somewhat in the beginning, because
Kevin Kaspar: that's when you have the audience's most
Kevin Kaspar: attentive, like.
Kevin Kaspar: focus on you. But that strikes a little bit of a challenge as well. Right? Because if you're trying to teach the audience a lot of information very early on you might lose them with any of the complexity which kind of goes back to the point of you have to be able to communicate this in a very seamless and digestible way. So just think about that. You don't have to communicate any of these like main learnings or teachings early on. But
Kevin Kaspar: just be thoughtful about it.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, what's up.
Malc: Hey, Kevin? Thanks for this. Just curious, is there? Talk about teaching, is there?
Malc: Is there? I don't know best in class way, or do you have a thoughtful approach to balancing the emotional side versus just dropping numbers? Because I've seen obviously like that can be really powerful introduction. Just curious in your opinion how you approach that.
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: I might give a cop out answer. But I think ideally, it's both ideally. It's an emotional story that you can weave in
Kevin Kaspar: statistics throughout that that doesn't feel forced. But I always think that telling a story that might be more emotional is always
Kevin Kaspar: more engaging for
Kevin Kaspar: a general audience member, maybe less so an investor per se. But for people that are trying people that are, you're trying to get broad attention from, I think, being able to tell a very coherent story that might be more on the emotional appeal can help. But again, you do want to be able to make sure that you not only give one specific example right, but then are able to zoom out and think about the broader landscape, especially when you're talking about the problem so ideally, I would try and have a little bit of a blend if you can.
Kevin Kaspar: and then, yeah, like, you don't have to do your all your teaching upfront. You can always
Kevin Kaspar: do some in the QA. Right, they might say, oh, well, what's your business model? And then you explain your pricing there, and and why you decided to do that. The QA. Is actually a great time to do a lot of that, because they're specifically asking you questions that they want to learn more about.
Kevin Kaspar: another thing that I think is really important as well as like staying consistent with your tone as a founder, and like who you personally are, I think, a lot of times what makes your company so special and so recognizable are the founders and the founding team, and the CEO and I just don't want any of the like founders to lose that when they're pitching. I think oftentimes people will kind of suppress their personality or suppress their
Kevin Kaspar: just like kind of ways of communicating, because it is a pitch. And there's obviously a balance that you need to strike between being professional and kind of like communicating very authentically. But a pitch really should feel like a conversation. It should feel like something your
Kevin Kaspar: you could do like on the couch, hanging out and having a conversation as much as on a stage, presenting to hundreds of people so
Kevin Kaspar: like definitely own the type of founder that you are like an example of this. That Neil was talking about was like when I was pitching at one of these competitions, I would always just wear a suit and tie. I don't know why, but I just really would and, like other people, would show up in their like founder T-shirts, or whatever, and like. I think that's pretty common out in the bay to like. Have a logo with your company and present in that. But
Kevin Kaspar: I just like kind of thought because I was young. I wanted to present myself in a very professional way, and that's just what I did, and I think that it has worked out for me in the past. So I'm not saying dress is the most important thing. I'm just saying that being able to communicate yourself more authentically is really important. So don't lose sight of that when you're trying to develop your pitch.
Kevin Kaspar: and then I think one of the biggest challenges that people have when they're pitching really is
Kevin Kaspar: taking advice from other people and getting that sort of feedback
Kevin Kaspar: a lot of times
Kevin Kaspar: implicitly. We're we're really willing to listen to feedback and and consume feedback. So
Kevin Kaspar: if I gave you feedback or anyone else gave you feedback you would think about.
Kevin Kaspar: You know how that applies, and if you would want to implement it or not.
Kevin Kaspar: I think ultimately you have to be confident in the pitch that you're developing for yourself. But I do think getting advice is really important, and I think there's kind of a method to this madness of the balance of writing a pitch yourself versus getting pitch feedback and kind of knowing when you're at a point that you're happy with the pitch, and my biggest advice is, get a high quantity of advice all at once, so I'm sure by now there are trusted mentors that you have, or people like Liliana or Neil
Kevin Kaspar: in your kind of community that can give you pitch feedback. But I would try and do it
Kevin Kaspar: at a very high volume and a short amount of time, because then you can see the patterns much more clearly if you get pitch advice from someone on Tuesday, and then a week from Tuesday. You're gonna kind of not be able to identify the patterns as quickly. So
Kevin Kaspar: I I am kind of surprised that oftentimes people do have similar feedback if you talk to enough people. And that really helps you understand what actually needs to be changed. And what is more, of like a
Kevin Kaspar: like investor preference or a mentor preference, because a lot of times they will like, not force their own preferences on you, but give you advice that is very specific to the way they like to do things which at times could be really helpful. But again, this is your pitch and your decision. So you should feel confident, you know.
Kevin Kaspar: giving the pitch how you want so definitely get a high quantity of advice at once, and then, like I would iterate multiple times. And I think one misconception here is that
Kevin Kaspar: it's it's the advisor or the mentor's job to iterate the pitch.
Kevin Kaspar: It really is like the onus is on you for sure to to be the one taking those iterations and being proactive. If you want secondary advice from someone, and you just iterated the products like, go ahead, make that pitch again, and then give it to the the mentor again. But
Kevin Kaspar: there comes a point where feedback is only so helpful. So at some point you do have to finalize your pitch and kind of stay grounded in what you've built a lot. All of the pitches that have gone poorly for me have been when I've tried changing my pitch the night before, or 2 nights before, or even 3 or 4 nights before, and
Kevin Kaspar: I think just having like that mental reassurance that your pitch is finalized. It's exactly where you want it to be for
Kevin Kaspar: 4 days to a week out really is
Kevin Kaspar: essential. Because I think you're just gonna be way more anxious, nervous like. Lack the confidence. If you are changing things last minute. And I've seen this before with techstars, founders as well. So I think it's really really important to have your pitch finalized multiple days before and that you feel confident about it.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's kind of more of just like my broad advice for each of these like for the pitch as a whole. But I'm gonna go into the each component. Some areas I feel like I have more knowledge on than others. Transparently. I think the demo is where I have the least amount of knowledge. But
Kevin Kaspar: I'm gonna just kinda kind of share my experience and what I think will be helpful. But does anyone have questions about what I said before, just broadly. Maybe there are questions that you're wrestling with in your pitch.
Kevin Kaspar: Happy to answer them now, or we can just keep moving whatever works best.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. Well, I'll keep going.
Malc: Hey, Kevin? Sorry. Sorry last. Just curious like. What's your mental prep. Look like you mentioned a week out like, I know everyone can be different. But like, what's your prep look like visualization? So how do you? What do you do to lead up.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I think something that's really important is actually presenting the information out loud in front of other people. And recording yourself, I honestly think recording yourself is the most important thing. I've learned so much about how I pitch, how I walk on stage, what my ticks are when I say when I am lacking confidence all from recording myself. So I think it's really important that you record yourself.
Kevin Kaspar: You don't need to be on a big stage to like mimic what that's going to be like. But I think it's really important that you do record yourself. And then also, everyone has their own way, like my co-founders like to record themselves and put it in their ears when they're like walking to and from places I like to just practice at a certain amount of like time per day.
Kevin Kaspar: I also think it's important to get comfortable with the visuals behind you like whether you'll have them or not, I think.
Kevin Kaspar: correct me if I'm wrong. Typically, usually there's only one type of visual plus the demo that gets shown. But I think it's really important to be con like comfortable with those as well. So I would just do everything you can to replicate what will actually happen.
Kevin Kaspar: At the time of the presentation, and it's likely that you'll have some sort of dry run through the morning of as well, and I think that if you are confident with your pitch, and what you've created shouldn't be a big adjustment from, you know
Kevin Kaspar: the comfort of your apartment if you were talking to multiple people, and just presenting in front of anyone and everyone you can get your hands on. So yeah, I think just just having conversations with people is the most important thing.
Kevin Kaspar: But
Kevin Kaspar: moving into the elevator pitch.
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's really hard to
Kevin Kaspar: communicate everything that you want in in a very short amount of time and 60 s transparently is a pretty short amount of time, but it forces you to really
Kevin Kaspar: synthesize the most important information that you want to tell. And
Kevin Kaspar: one way that I like to think about this is the 60 s elevator pitch gives you a chance to answer the very simple question of like, what do you do like? Who are you? What are you building? What are you trying to solve? Like literally? What does your company do cause. If they can walk away 60 s into your pitch and say, alright, you know this is the founder. He runs this type of company, and they're focused on this.
Kevin Kaspar: You're pretty successful.
Kevin Kaspar: so kind of leading with that simple thought in mind.
Kevin Kaspar: I've structured these into more of like a do's and don'ts. This is again just my personal preference. But I think it is important to write a script out when you are editing a document. Live. It's so helpful to be able to visually see
Kevin Kaspar: how you can connect words and create transitions that are more authentic and more like powerful.
Kevin Kaspar: and I think it's really important to also like fight for every word that you put on that page. Because
Kevin Kaspar: even things like transitioning between sentences or introducing topics or concluding topics.
Kevin Kaspar: When you only have 60 s, they really matter. But one thing that happens as a result of this sometimes is people try to over memorize, so they don't sound authentic, and they also stumble on any missed words that they have. I see this a lot with with tech stars. Founders sometimes is
Kevin Kaspar: when you
Kevin Kaspar: have such an important event that you've worked very hard to prepare for. If you do mess up, live on stage, it can be hard to like get back into it. So what I always like to do is make sure that you have the mental points in your head of, like the the 6 things you're trying to say in your 60 s. Right? So you might have your 60 s pitch all written out in like a paragraph, but I would also have 6 bullets like, alright, I wanna tell that story. Then I wanna bring that stat in. Then I wanna introduce myself.
Kevin Kaspar: you know. Then I want to explain the problem. And then I wanna, you know, lead into the demo. Because if you have that built into your mind.
Kevin Kaspar: even if you do kind of fumble, and you have challenges
Kevin Kaspar: saying the things that you memorize. You can still run through that mental picture in your logic, and be able to like recover in a very clear way. The other thing is, no one knows what your what your you know. Word, document, said. They only know what you're saying, live. So it doesn't matter if you mess up truthfully. I have completely. Bs things on stage live multiple times, and
Kevin Kaspar: people truly don't know if you're confident and able to actually just like, articulate the information that you want to say, even if it isn't in the exact language that you might have intended to.
Kevin Kaspar: I really think that storytelling is important. I think that it's the best way to engage an audience in the most authentic way. So I'm a big proponent of storytelling. Whether it's a customer story, whether it's a personal story, something that you can really bring the audience in, because if you're able to explain
Kevin Kaspar: very specifically how your product might support one specific user. It's much easier for them if they have a very deep understanding of that one user to be able to broaden it out and say, Okay, well, they're in this, you know, they're in this one customer segment. But we also have a broader vision to tackle these other markets as well. You can justify that a lot easier if you have a very clear picture in your mind of how your product will solve problems for one specific user group.
Kevin Kaspar: I think
Kevin Kaspar: 1 one challenge, though, is, you're not going to be able to say everything that you want in
Kevin Kaspar: that you might have in a in a given deck. Right? If you're pitching to an investor, it's gonna be, you know, 10 plus minutes with a deck. This isn't that type of pitch, and I think that's really important to kind of note. So
Kevin Kaspar: it's more about giving your listeners a more holistic view of your company. More from some sort of bird's eye level. I think, when you're answering those QA. You're able to kind of dig much deeper and answer some of the specific topics that are critical to your business. But
Kevin Kaspar: I think of it a little bit more of a bird's eye view
Kevin Kaspar: than a deck might be.
Kevin Kaspar: People have a lot of different viewpoints on like when to introduce yourself. Some people think that it's bad to introduce yourself in the very beginning. Some people think that you should introduce yourself in the middle.
Kevin Kaspar: My only thing is, do it whenever you want, but don't shy away from it. I feel like, because sometimes it is like a concern that a lot of people have.
Kevin Kaspar: You are the founder. You're the CEO right like you want to be able to communicate
Kevin Kaspar: and introduce yourself in a very confident way, so definitely. Don't shy away from that introduction. It can feel like you're a little bit ruining the flow. Yeah, what's up, Jennifer?
Jennifer Loh: Okay? So in the very beginning, when they're like introducing us and having us come to the stage, they are gonna introduce us. And then I think we have the the choice of doing video first, then pitch, then QA. Or pitch, then QA. Or pitch, then video, then. QA. So just curious. Oh, you won't be introducing us.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Jennifer Loh: so then.
Jennifer Loh: do you recommend, like any specific flow, whether we do the video first or the pitch first.
Jennifer Loh: and then introducing ourselves or not.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll I'll defer to Liliana for a second if yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I think.
Lilliana Robinson: Most people do pitch first. But if you have a specific reason why you think video first might be better, maybe like your company. Jlo. Then we let you do video first. But most people do pitch first so that they know who you are and what's going on. And then the video will enhance the pitch.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, cool. That makes sense.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I would. I would kind of agree, I think, introducing yourself and getting to know, like, who is building the company who's founding the company before they show the demo actually builds a lot of trust with the user and with the audience. So I'm always a proponent of showing the the the pitch first, and then, yeah, I guess if you're not introducing yourself, they're not introducing, you definitely find a way to weave that in.
Kevin Kaspar: What's up.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. So it just a comment of the following up to what Art said I, I heard the same thing that you guys will introduce ourselves, and and I think some mentor recommending not to
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: quote unquote waste time introducing ourselves because it's just 60 s. So
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: which one is the the final call, please.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, can someone unmute and remind me where you guys heard that cause?
Lilliana Robinson: I don't think I've ever said that we've always done the same.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: That was Troy, Troy. I think if I, if I remember, Troy, said, do not belong. Waste time introducing yourself in 67.
Kevin Kaspar: Like that.
Art-ClubReq: Yeah, it was on.
Jennifer Loh: He said that.
Art-ClubReq: Always. Call, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Troy was not. That was not accurate.
NSG: No, no, no! What he's saying, what he's saying is actually legit. So he's saying, don't waste time introducing yourself, which is good advice, but I don't think it doesn't sound like, he said, that someone else will be introducing you.
NSG: because that's not necessary.
Lilliana Robinson: He always says, Don't spend time introducing yourself, because no one cares so like when you say like, Hi, I'm this, and this is my company, everyone will tune you out. I remember, he says, that every time, like just start with the story.
Doug Rogers: And, by the way, when we say introductions, I think there might be some confusion where it's like, and the next company is dub prime
Doug Rogers: that's going to happen. So we know who to go up.
Lilliana Robinson: So you'll know your order, and you'll be lined up, and I'll be queuing you up, and your Walkup music will play. But you all know your order. You'll know it way before, and we'll rehearse it, and you'll be sitting in your order, and then we'll put you up there.
NSG: If if it flows just fine guys like I I wouldn't. I wouldn't overthink the the logistics of this. It's super smooth. The music you pick is really, it's a seamless experience.
NSG: Great.
Kevin Kaspar: If there's any lingering questions about that, we can answer them as well. But
Kevin Kaspar: again, like answering what they do with that pitch, I think, is the most helpful information
Kevin Kaspar: I think getting creative with this is great. One thing that I've found a lot of value in has been brainstorming just like very creative ways to present your information.
Kevin Kaspar: it's hard to be creative in a pitch sometimes because I think we've seen so many of them that we wanna create our own like version of whatever we've seen in the past. I would definitely spend some time brainstorming just like ways that you want to be able to tell your story. That you might not have already thought about before trying something completely new on Demo Day may not be the best way to approach it. But there might be different variations or ways to communicate that you haven't fully thought of in depth before. That might be worth thinking about.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, exactly. I think the comment about about experience is pretty relevant. I actually saw a post about this on A, with a text founder from my cohort a few years ago, like they really care more about what you're building than who you are. And the impact that it's gonna have on your customers. And the like problem that you're solving
Kevin Kaspar: so definitely
Kevin Kaspar: doing.
Kevin Kaspar: And then
Kevin Kaspar: the last thing is focus.
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's sometimes overlooked, but definitely important to focus on, like the posture, the way that you're walking and the presence that you have on stage.
Kevin Kaspar: It's best practice to not walk all over the stage when you're talking. I think that you can move around a little bit, but
Kevin Kaspar: when you're speaking especially important, like sentences like, I would kind of plant your feet and just speak if you're like transitioning from 1 point to the next, you can move around a little bit, but definitely try and kind of plant your feet here.
Kevin Kaspar: so
Kevin Kaspar: that's more like logistical. But yeah, what's up.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, so we have one slide that we have presented while we're doing.
Jennifer Loh: or is it only during our QA. Or during our pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: It's only during your Q. And A.
Jennifer Loh: Got it. So when we walk up and we do our 60 s pitch essentially, this screens blank.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and this is spotlight on you. So it's like that in all the examples. If you wanna see an example. And also I'm gonna upload my demo day format slide where I walk through the format because it says that like very explicitly. So I'll just post that on base camp right now, in case anybody needs to see it.
Jennifer Loh: Got it. Okay, cool.
NSG: It. It may also make sense for some of you all to re-watch the the demo day workshop that Liliana gave, where she kind of talks through all these things.
Jennifer Loh: I know I was there, and I also went to Demo Day. I just like.
Jennifer Loh: for some reason, can't visualize it at the moment. But thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: So once your pitch is done, you'll start. Turn.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, let's wait. Let's answer all those intro questions. Any questions about introductions, or the format, or things like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Pause to make sure this is clear, cause everything Kevin's gonna say is very important. So I wanna make sure that we are on the same page altogether.
Lilliana Robinson: I appreciate whoever told me that
Lilliana Robinson: there was that misconception. Thank you for bringing that up.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think we're good to move on, Kevin and Jeremy, I completely agree. If the story is part of your pitch, you should do it. I think, Troy was saying. More like a lot of people will like, tell a bunch about themselves, and then introduce themselves, and only spend like 30 s on the business. A lot of people do that when they first try to write a pitch like Hi, I'm Blink and I'm building blank.
Lilliana Robinson: It's not going to be a very good pitch, so just cutting that already before you guys even start writing it. That's what Troy was trying to do last week.
Kevin Kaspar: Advice!
Kevin Kaspar: Alright! So moving on, you'll walk up on stage. You'll have the music. You'll give your 60 s pitch live spotlights directly on you. Then the demo is gonna come up. I think that the first piece of advice with this demo is this is your chance to basically showcase the progress that you've made, taking your like idea and your pitch and making it very real for the customers, or for the listeners. So
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's important to think here, this is your just your chance to communicate. Hey? This is what we've built. This is the traction that we have. Here's how people are interacting with the product.
Kevin Kaspar: and when you get to the demo, I think that
Kevin Kaspar: people by nature are going to handle this a little bit differently. I always think that it is and can be helpful to start blending in like more of a user centric approach towards this product. Demo. So thinking about ways that, like the user would actually interact with the product. What are the like?
Kevin Kaspar: How would it flow? What are the values that they're gonna be getting out of this product. What's the traction that you have? So just think about ways that you can maybe incorporate things that you might have wanted to say in your QA. Or in your pitch, that you can infuse into your demo, because the demo shouldn't be, you know, login page. Then all these other things right? We, I think that you've heard that information before you wanna be able to like, still, tell a very cohere cohesive narrative, but
Kevin Kaspar: still be able to like extract really important and meaningful, like insights during those 60 s.
Kevin Kaspar: so again, like maybe treating this as a little bit of a continuation of your pitch but don't don't use this as time to like. Say things that you wanted to fit into your sex 60 s pitch that you couldn't. This is a demo. I want
Kevin Kaspar: like definitely to make it clear that you should be spending your time showcasing your product. The thing that you have built and how it actually functions. But like painting, that storyline, I think, is still important. Maybe you can bring in the user that you mentioned from your 60 s pitch into your demo. Or maybe you can now talk about what people are saying about your product and the like, the value that you're adding for them.
Kevin Kaspar: so definitely think about that.
Kevin Kaspar: And then I think it is important to make sure that your your product. Demo is like visually appealing that you've spent a lot of time energy.
Kevin Kaspar: Then if you want to invest in, you know the quality of your video, you're more than welcome to do so. I've seen a very big mix. I've seen you know.
Kevin Kaspar: as far as like
Kevin Kaspar: the
Kevin Kaspar: like. One example is, there was a company that their wives recorded the video and did the voice over, and I think that they did it themselves. But it looks really really nice. And that was great. They were very resourceful, like very entrepreneurial, of finding a way for the demo to look sound and feel good without spending, you know, a lot of money or going overboard on it so
Kevin Kaspar: definitely put some time into it. Don't throw it together last minute, but as long as you're proactive I think that it will turn out nicely. Think about how you want to incorporate. You know what your branding looks like, how you are presenting yourself in a creative way, and I think that you'll you'll be in a good spot.
Lilliana Robinson: Evan, I think there, there also is a way to kind of like not put enough effort into it because we watched bloom filters with them, and he had his wife do a voiceover, and it sounded so robotic, and it was.
Kevin Kaspar: But.
Lilliana Robinson: If you remember. So like, there were groups that do it low cost. And it looks really nice, like the unbuilt vert video you saw with the furniture company that cost them basically nothing like they just did it themselves.
Lilliana Robinson: but yeah, make sure that it's at least high enough quality that you would be proud of it. And you're not just mailing it in cause, like we still tell Andrew that that was a really bad video, and he knows it, and like I'm sure if he just put in a little bit more effort, even low cost no money, he would be happier with it so just remember that your future self will thank you for that extra effort.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you all want a pro perspective on it. Max, Tim has done amazing professional video work. He does it himself. Self taught, and he's incredible at it. So talk to Max. If you really feel like you're stuck on the video front.
Kevin Kaspar: Awesome.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. David.
David Akinyemi: Yeah, could you go back? One slide? And I guess.
David Akinyemi: I guess, could you paint more color around? Build the video, don't build the video around users. This is a product. Demo.
David Akinyemi: I guess something we were considering was kind of communicating how our product impacts the users.
David Akinyemi: Kind of want to understand a little bit, if maybe.
David Akinyemi: what? What you're kind of saying in this don't. So just so we're not doing anything that you think could be detrimental kind of thing.
Kevin Kaspar: I think that's a great piece of advice like I think that the way that you're thinking about it is totally on track. I wouldn't be overly concerned. I just don't want you to take all of your time away from actually showcasing what you've built as long as there's like a you like, as long as there's a balance between
Kevin Kaspar: talking about how the users are interacting with the product and actually showcasing the product. I think that you're in a pretty good spot.
David Akinyemi: Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, very similar question. We are Pre product. We were thinking of using the first 10 s for putting some highlights from the Gtb interviews just some recordings. And
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I guess it's that's okay, correct, like,
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: as long as it doesn't take the whole video, you're saying. But 10 s of a users, feedback or user users input should be okay. Right?
Kevin Kaspar: I think so. I don't know if Neil or Liliana have any comments on this, but the best way to show that people are liking your product is by having words and like things from your user saying that they get value out of it. So I don't see any problem with it.
Lilliana Robinson: Agreed.
Lilliana Robinson: Goal.
Lilliana Robinson: Good.
Kevin Kaspar: Awesome alright
Kevin Kaspar: moving on.
Kevin Kaspar: Sorry. This is supposed to say 4 min, but
Kevin Kaspar: I think the last 4 min really gives you a chance to like. Lean into everything that you've learned. Over your time at techstars. I think this is a way to build a lot of trust with your audience to be able to showcase a vast amount of your learnings in a very short amount of time. It's kind of nice that you. Will liana correct me if I'm wrong, have some sort of insight into the questions that will be asked ahead of time.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it'll be completely scripted with your eir.
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: that's great. Right? So you'll be able to kind of manufacture the conversation that you want to have and I think, being very
Kevin Kaspar: like transparent and honest and communicative about your experience, and what you've learned is the best way to have a really good QA. So
Kevin Kaspar: I think, designing the QA. For what you want to say is is really really important. Spend a lot of time thinking about the questions that you might want to get asked and how you want to answer them. So
Kevin Kaspar: I think there's definitely a unique balance of like, how many questions you get asked?
Kevin Kaspar: I would. I would imagine it would be between like 4 and 6. But I'm not sure, Leona, do you have any thoughts on that.
Lilliana Robinson: It's as many as you can comfortably answer, so I always say it's better to break them up, so don't have like 3 with super long answers like a mini each people are gonna have their eyes glaze over, but having those same answers split up amongst 4 or 5 questions, is probably the sweet spot. It depends how long your answers are. How
Lilliana Robinson: the pace that you go at is so it'll be different for each of you, but I would agree with Kevin. Between like 4 and 6 is probably where you'll land.
Lilliana Robinson: and the last question for everyone will be W. How can the audience here help you today, and that'll be your closing statement. So it'll take like 10 s, so you can make your whole set without that, and we'll go over that with you in the final week, and everyone will have a closing statement for about 10 s, and that'll be, you know, whatever your goal is, and you're asking the audience for that, and then you thank them and leave
Lilliana Robinson: great.
Kevin Kaspar: Awesome.
Kevin Kaspar: So one thing that I think is helpful here. Is to be like very answer first with your
Kevin Kaspar: with your QA. So what I mean by that is, if I ask you who your target customers are starting with, like my target customers are.
Kevin Kaspar: you know all the insights that you found from your Jtbd. And then, if you want to add any more commentary after that, being able to like, kind of go back, set a little context communicate. But I think,
Kevin Kaspar: you don't want to wait 45 s to get the answer to a question. You want to be able to get the answer upfront. So just be thoughtful about that.
Kevin Kaspar: And then
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's important to like sequence. The questions right and the way that you're thinking about your demo and your 60 s pitch, you wanna be able to let the story flow in a like a narrative that works best for for you and for what you've built, so feel free to sequence the questions in any way that you think is best. This is kind of like, in my opinion, a little bit of a hack. Because.
Kevin Kaspar: Ed.
Kevin Kaspar: it does set you up very nicely. If you are thoughtful about this don't overthink it like I think you know your company pretty well. So if there is an order that you think is best, just kind of lean in and jump into that.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just a reminder to folks. The the notion here is that it's connected to your goal. Some of you have a goal of investor conversations and fundraising. Some of you have partnership or customer acquisition goals, whatever it is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: be brutally like, focused on orienting your conversation with your eir
Neal Sáles-Griffin: around speaking to those people in the room, and for the video that you'll have that you can share afterwards. You don't have to cater to everyone at once. It's not important to do that. It's much more important for you to get your full value from the experience by directing the energy and the conversation in the way that would be optimal for your goal.
Kevin Kaspar: Great point, and I think that's where the ask becomes, you know, even more critical as well, right ending, ending the conversation with being very poignant about what you want and what you're trying to get out of this. And I think, answering that question now is a great way to structure your entire pitch around that to get the most out of it. So at the end definitely have a formal well thought out question to ask so that you can target the people in the room that you care about most.
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's important to only make one ask. I've seen some founders try and make multiple asks. And I think that it adds some complexity. So just be very targeted. And what you're asking for
Kevin Kaspar: And then I think it's great to answer like hard questions and to be transparent and be honest like people know that entrepreneurship is hard, that you're working through a lot of big challenges, and it is really helpful, I think, that you build a lot of trust when you have transparency and what you're building and the way that you've been going about this process so definitely. Don't be afraid to answer challenging questions. Because you guys are all really smart. You're able to kind of work through that as well. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It. It's more impressive and more memorable if you address challenging questions. It's it's honestly like kind of a let down, I think, to some folks investors I've spoken to when they feel like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for anybody who knows baseball cream puffs. Anybody know this analogy cream puffs. So I didn't know this either, but Brad taught us because he's a baseball player but cream puffs are basically like really really easy pitches to hit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you don't. You don't want the softballs.
Kevin Kaspar: And to be honest. Oh, right?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay. So that's most of what I have. So I've gone through those I'm going to give you some last like parting tips, and then we can use the rest of the time. However, you think is most helpful, but
Kevin Kaspar: I think the most important thing here is like you really have to love your pitch more than anyone. If you don't love your pitch, you're not gonna feel confident on stage. You're gonna be nervous when you go up and present and I think all of that really just comes with time and patience and continue to revisiting of your of your pitch, so make sure that you are proactive.
Kevin Kaspar: Starting now all the way through Demo Day. I know that you're trying to also build a company at the same time that you're trying to prepare for Demo Day, which can create some unique challenges. But
Kevin Kaspar: I mean being thoughtful about this every day blocking out just a small amount of time, I think, will go a really long ways and create a a pitch and a product and a you know a storyline that you're really proud of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And can you make that more practical and real? What you just said? Because I kind of want you to say it louder for the people in the back what you just said about practicing every day like W. One practicing every day to recording all of your pitches, and 3 having a spreadsheet or a database of all of your pitches and recordings and formats.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm saying all this because I've seen a few founders do it. Not most, but a few meticulously have recorded and tracked and organized
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all of their pitches that they've attempted, and have shared versions of their pitches with different people for that kind of feedback because of how seriously they were taking it.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, so really great way of looking at it. So trying to be as concrete as possible, I think.
Kevin Kaspar: blocking out
Kevin Kaspar: 30 min to an hour at least a day starting now moving forward.
Kevin Kaspar: If you're thinking about something continuously from now until Demo day, you're just going to do a much better job, and I think it starts with getting your first version of what you want your pitch script to look like what you want your demo layout to be, what questions you want to be asked, and how you want to create those answers, and being very specific about what your ask is, and then backtracking that to create a very coherent pitch overall, I think. Do you guys are working on that right now.
Kevin Kaspar: getting as close as you can and finalizing that this week is really important and then start getting pitch feedback. As Neil mentioned, you can send different versions of different pitches to different people to get various types of feedback logging. It is critical, I think, like notion or drive, or any way of documenting and maintaining that is great because oftentimes
Kevin Kaspar: probably what will happen is you'll create version one, and then you'll share it, and then you'll create version 2, and then you might end up going back to version one at version 8, because you realize that you actually communicated it in the best way earlier on so documenting all of your progress. Is really important, because there might be things that you've said in other versions that you want to bring back later. And the worst thing is not remembering what you said
Kevin Kaspar: you have a question.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, so, and you might have said that before on other other calls, but to get feedback. Besides our lead mentors, who who can we send these information, Liliana, Neil, or what's the best way to get feedback from the staff and mentors.
Lilliana Robinson: Any eir that you have me, Neil. The whole team, Chloe, put it in your base camp. A lot of people already have put it in your individual base camp and tag us and ask for feedback, or send it to your eir, or both.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, yeah, a lot of people in the network like Becky from Aws is very interested in helping you guys a couple of other people. So if you want us to help you find some mentors to help, we can do that as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think you should also share it with founders who've done it.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pitches that you like founders that you're connected to, that you've met throughout this program experience, people who've given pitches in some of the videos. You saw that you thought were phenomenal. You can reach out to those. Ceos are all in the family. You have a lot of options to get feedback and input.
Kevin Kaspar: I also always like to plug the cohort that you're in right now, like your your other founders are the best resource possible, like building alongside them, trying to brainstorm together ways that you can create. You know, creative pitches and demos. The most help I've gotten are people from vastly different industries than me. So I think, sharing your pitch and getting feedback from your own peers is also just like a really really great way. To accelerate your growth. And confidence. So
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I would get a lot of high quality feedback in a short amount of time. Looks like you only have about 3 weeks before Demo Day, which is a little bit of an accelerated timeline. So make sure that you're like revising and iterating constantly if you break out like an hour a day to iterate. You'll feel much more confident, because you'll have seen it time and time and time again, and just like, make sure you love it. I think that's really important. It gives you that confidence. And then, once you have everything where you want it to be like.
Kevin Kaspar: do as much as you can to relax and just practice because you do want to have that finalized, you know, as as far out in advance as possible. So that you can go up and crush it. And at the end of May. But
Kevin Kaspar: that's everything that I have. That's my email. That's my phone number. You can also find me on Linkedin pretty rarely available. So
Kevin Kaspar: please feel free to reach out. You know, someone asked, who can help. I'm more than happy to like
Kevin Kaspar: find time, one on one with you guys. If that would be helpful. So please feel free to reach out. I'm more than happy to help, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love that you have the meal village photo for the.
Kevin Kaspar: It's my! It's one of my favorite pitches of all time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One for the.
Lilliana Robinson: I was wondering this was a helping elderly people get meal delivery and the woman in the back on his QA. Slide was giving a testimonial on how it changed her life in his video. So he just wanted to hammer that home and put her back on the screen for his one slide, which was a very creative use of it. I thought it was really powerful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it doesn't sound like a very like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, sexy business. But I think Robbie was between one or 2 million in AR at the time. Right? Yeah, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: It was an outstanding company.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin. Thank you so much. This was awesome. I recommend that everybody go back and watch this again with the do's and don'ts write down what you think that you need to work on for each section. Each of those are extremely potent. I've helped people try and do or do not do each of those points that Kevin has put so really, really important there. And Neil wanted to just add one more thing with product. Demo Kevin, if you still have more time to just stick around so you can comment as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Can can. For some bonus time. Are you all cool if I share my favorite product, demo Video, is that cool? Alright? So this is the Oldie, but a goodie.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's one that I share with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: my, all my Northwestern students over the past 10 years. I don't think I've ever shared it with my tech stars founders because it's a 4 min
Neal Sáles-Griffin: product video.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But there's a reason, given all the questions and energy that I'm picking up on with y'all, that I want to show you this 4 min product video. So some of you might know this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: has anyone ever seen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the dropbox.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mvp. Video.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anybody here? No hands.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, hell, yeah. Alright! Alright game. Oh, Valeria seen it! You've seen it. Alright! Good! Alright! So I have something to say about it. But I want you to pay attention to it, like whatever you're doing. If you got text messages, notifications on your phone, you doing multitasking video off whatever. Give me 4 min and 19 s of your time, plus another minute or 2 to talk about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I promise you it'll be worth it. All right. Here we go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: do this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I need to choose to share sound. Let me see, am I smart enough?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can I pull this off
Neal Sáles-Griffin: share.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: share, computer, sound
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright good to go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll be taking a quick tour of dropbox, which is a better way of keeping your important stuff synchronized across your Pcs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And what makes dropbox different is that it just works, meaning that there's no complicated setup or configuration.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you're familiar with development tools, dropbox is kind of like taking subversion and our sink and making them easy to use. So here we'll walk through a concrete example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And so I just got a new laptop, and I've got some important files on my desktop that I like to keep synchronized across both machines and to set up dropbox. All you really have to do is install the application which I did a moment ago, and then link it to an account. So I typed in my information there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it brings me to this web interface, where I can see recent changes to the files in my dropbox, and I can actually get the files directly. So in in addition to synchronizing files across Pcs dropbox also securely backs them up and synchronize them to the web. So you can click on any of these files, and it does what you'd expect
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in case you're not at one of your computers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And as far as the windows interface.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's actually not it. Let me fix it 1 s.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is the second video that they did. This is the first, my bad
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1, s.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: pull this out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then
Neal Sáles-Griffin: share.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you all remember this, though like, do you all remember when Dropbox came out, or like back in the day when, like, you couldn't actually do that functionality does anybody? Is anybody old enough to remember that where you had to carry these giant hard drives around when I was in college on campus.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But anyway, this is better. There we go. So let's go here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: jump ahead.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Part's different is that it just works. And there isn't any complicated setup or interface to learn.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's get started.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've already installed Dropbox on a windows. PC, and put a bunch of files in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And now I want to sync these files to my Mac. So to do that I just installed Dropbox. And now I'm linking my Mac to my account.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So in a second my account will be linked, and you can see that the files that were on my windows. PC. Will start coming down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and what we're looking at is my dropbox folder, which looks and acts like any other folder. Except for 2 things, one, these little green icons that indicate files are up to date, and 2, anything in my dropbox is synced across all of my computers into the web, and you'll notice that when I make changes, everything syncs up pretty quickly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And as another example, I'm going to log in my windows. PC.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Where you'll see that not only are the changes from my Mac already here, but if I make another change to a file. So, for example, this picture of a platypus.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then I hit save
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the change begins uploading immediately.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and when I go back to my Mac.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the change is reflected in a matter of seconds.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the point is, if you've ever worked with multiple computers or carried around a USB drive or emailed yourself files from work. You can see this is a much easier way of managing your stuff, and we also protect you from the bad things that can happen to your files. So if I delete a bunch of stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we have this web interface
Neal Sáles-Griffin: where you can not only get to your files in case you're not at one of your computers. So here are the contents of my dropbox here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But we have this show deleted files link where you can select a file that you've deleted, and then you have an option to bring it back
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and a couple of clicks. So I'll do that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and instantly the file's back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And not only do you have the option of restoring the most recent version, but actually any prior version of a file, because every time you make a change. Dropbox saves a snapshot
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and dropbox is also very efficient about the way it handles changes to files, and sends only the pieces that change. So in the case of the plateau's picture, just sending the Delta saved over 80% of the bandwidth.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that covers a lot of how we make it easy to access and protect your own files. But the other half of what we do revolves around making it really easy to share and put files online.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So normally, if I want to share something, I have to send an email attachment or something like that. But Dropbox has a special public folder
Neal Sáles-Griffin: where every file you put in here has a yeah URL associated with it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I can get a public link.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then I can paste that into an IM window or an email or a blog post. And it does what you'd expect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's great for individual files. But we also make it possible to share entire folders
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so hopefully. That gives you an idea of how much easier dropbox makes it to share files. And with that we'll wrap up. We're still in private, Beta, but you can visit us and sign up to give it a shot at Www. Get dropbox. Com. Thanks
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the most interesting thing about this video to me was one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It went viral back in the day when it went out it got them in the Y combinator, and I think, got them over 500 k. In funding, and like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think, over a hundred 1,000 people signed up for their wait lists to learn more from that link at the end.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what is most fascinating about that product, demo, though, is that you all kind of look at that functionality? Go, yeah, yeah, cool we get. It
Neal Sáles-Griffin: turns out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: most of that functionality had not yet been implemented.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It was a fake. It was like a it was like a fake it till you make it situation where they were presenting the functionality they intended to develop. Once they brought on the full engineering team that they needed to do so, but they wanted to demonstrate their intent of what they wanted the product to do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that is actually the most interesting part of the video that doesn't get talked about enough.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is, you can show what I call the happy path of your product even before the full functionality is there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I didn't win as much money as Kevin, but I did win over $100,000 winning hackathons back in the day because I understood this lesson.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is, it's less about having everything done and more about communicating your vision for what benefits the product will afford the user.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when would? So this video literally went viral back in the day. And it's like the quintessential Silicon Valley tech product Demo cause they knew their audience. They had a bunch of quirky Easter eggs and funny references. They knew who they were trying to appeal to with this. You know, message. So I share that with you all to hopefully inspire you, to help you realize, like you don't have to have your product done done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to render a version of it that communicates what you intend to do with it down the road.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and how it's going to help.
Lilliana Robinson: Antonia.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. And on those lines, Neil, you're saying, basically, as long as we are confident that we can accomplish those those features with a good engineering team that we are gonna be hiring after the fundraising. Then it's totally fine to put it right. I mean, we we know that was what features will work it. Just we have. We don't have the resources to implement them. Is that is that the point? And.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah. I mean, you want to be honest. You don't want to oversell right? You don't want to overplay your hand and say something you don't know how to do. Drew himself. The founder of Dropbox
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is technical, so he understood what was possible with what he intended to do. So he wasn't over promising on the functionality front, but he was taking some liberties about how everything worked at that point.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Was that helpful to share? Hope? I didn't waste people's time. Okay? Good.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, very helpful.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Guess the last thing I'll say, though, Kevin is just like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Look, we can tell when somebody is stressed out talking about their business versus when somebody's super proud, confident, and excited, to talk about their business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: practice is going to enable you to feel very confident about what you're saying and doing, and also authenticity to trigger, like your genuine interest and commitment to building this great business of yours, and how excited you are to make that happen and work with people who mean well and want to help you. It doesn't have to be this like tense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: awkward, you know, stressful, you know, like like I I hate that like that's not a fun way to live or to run a business or anything. So just if if that's what you're feeling like. Let us help you get over that hump so that you're actually jamming and and enjoying the process in the journey.
Kevin Kaspar: Great point.
Kevin Kaspar: that's all I got. So if you guys have any questions happy to you know, stay in touch. But.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Kevin. Okay, I'm gonna end the recording here, and then we'll stick.